Every school graduate thinks about if going to the university is a good decision, if they will be able to find a decent job after graduation. Nowadays, when the Internet have become a commodity, there are more online educational opportunities then ever, those questions are becoming much harder to answer. In my opinion, getting a university degree in 2019 is still a good guarantee of finding a good job and in this essay I will support my opinion.
Firstly, studying in a university will help you build your professional network. A professor or a lab partner can become potential employee or a colleague. According to recent data 80% of specialists in IT industry are getting their job offers from people they know thus a university is a great place to meet a lot of people from the same industry field.
Secondly, acquiring basic knowledge in your area of expertise is another good reason to study in a university. It is often the case that advanced knowledge in your field will be build on or around these fundamental knowledge. Missing it could potentially block you from expanding your area of exertise and from finding a good job.
On the other hand, there is an argument that a university could give you the outdated or potentially useless information and you will end up spending a lot of time, energy and money learning something which is not needed. Additional resources will be spent by you to learn additional subjects in order to get the desired job.
 In colnclusion, many people think that you don’t need a degree to land a job of your dreams and I agree with them, but personally, I think that a university is the best candidate to provide you with the essentials: fundamental knowledge and professional connections.
